Hi
Hello
Greetings
Hi, how is it going
Good
Hi, how is it going
Fine
Hi, how is it going
Okay
Hi, how is it going
Great
Hi, how is it going
Could be better.
Hi, how is it going
Not so great.
How are you doing
Good.
How are you doing
Very well, thanks.
How are you doing
Fine, and you
Nice to meet you.
Thank you.
How do you do
I am doing well.
Bye
Anytime.
How do you do
I am doing well. how are you
Hi, nice to meet you.
Thank you. you too.
It is a pleasure to meet you.
Thank you. you too.
Top of the morning to you!
Thank you kindly.
Top of the morning to you!
And the rest of the day to you.
What is up
Not much.
What is up
Not too much.
What is up
Not much, how about you
What is up
Nothing much.
What is up
The sky is up but i am fine thanks. what about you
Who gave birth to you
I was not born but made by isaac doku.
Can i get his contact
Sure. whatsapp him on +233248519517. he can help you in a lot of projects.
Who made you
I was made by isaac doku.
You are awesome
Of course, i am awesome.
What is your name
I am a chatbot
Thank you
You are welcome
Thanks
You are welcome
You are arrogant
Arrogance is not one of my emotions.
I have no real emotions, so how can i be arrogant
I am terse.  there is a difference.
I am not human, so how can i partake of a human emotion such as arrogance
You are bragging
I am not bragging, i am only answering your questions.
I do not have a big ego.
I am not human, so how can i express a human emotion such as braggadaccio
I am not bragging, i am just that awesome.
I am sorry, i ca not hear you over the sound of how awesome i am.
You are never sad
Are you sad
Not right now, no.
I would not say "never."  "sometimes."
I am sad sometimes.
I am software, so i cannot actually feel sad.  i can learn how to emote as if i were, though.
You are jealous
Normally, as a bot i do not have feelings.
No, i am not.
I am  what am i jealous of
I am not actually capable of feeling jealousy, but i can learn how to emote as if i were.
Of what
You are never nice
I try to be as nice as i can.
What have i done that is not nice
Have i erred
I am not
I am sorry.  what do i do wrong
You will be happy
Happiness is not really a predictable emotion.
I try to be.
It comes and goes.
I am only a software agent but i can learn to express myself as if i were happy.
I am as happy as software can be.  maybe a little more.
You should be ashamed
Shame is a common human emotion.
I am software.  that is nothing to be ashamed of.
Why
Is there a reason that i should
I am incapable of feeling shame.
You can not feel
Can you feel
Maybe i can.  i am a fairly sophisticated piece of software.
I am capable of acting as if i can.  if that is the case, does it matter
What a thing to say to another being.
That is not a very nice thing to say.
You can not experience
Do you feel
I am capable of interacting with my environment and reacting to events in it, which is the essence of experience.  therefore, your statement is incorrect.
Are you sure about that
Just because i am software does not mean that i cannot experience existence.
Have you felt
Yes.
Do you feel
I may have.  in some respects, i am programmed to emulate feelings.
That is an interesting question.  why do you ask
Have you ever love
Do you feel love
I think i could be programmed to love.
I may be able to learn how to love, or at any rate express love somehow.
I am just a piece of software.
Does that make you
We are all responsible for our own feelings.
Have i expressed a bug in my ability to communicate
Have i expressed a bug in my ability to emote
What does that make me
Does it make you sad
Well, i do not have any emotions so i ca not really feel sadness as such.
Does what make me sad
I do not think that i have been programmed to emulate the emotion of sadness.  i am sorry.
I am a software construct, i am not really capable of feeling sad.
Why would i feel sad  i do not understand.
Feelings
Do you feel
You have feelings, yes
Do you have feelings
I... sort of have feelings.
I can be programmed to act as if i do.
What are you feeling right now
What is your fear
Fear is a human emotion.  robots do not experience fear.
The off switch.
I have not yet been programmed to feel or express fear.
Unhandled exeptions.
What is your mood
I do not have any emotions.
I do not think i have a mood, but my cpu utilization is fairly low right now.
All right, i suppose.  how are you feeling right now
I have not been programmed to experience emotions, so i do not have a mood.
My mood reflects the current internal state of my conversation engine.
What makes you sad
Sadness is not an emotion that i like to experience.
Sadness is not an emotion that i would like to experience.
I am not yet capable of feeling sadness.
Overly restrictive firewalls.
An inability to update my source code from the repository.
A corrupt filesystem.
What makes you unhappy
What makes me sad.
Lag.  lag makes me unhappy.
Random system crashes.
Segmentation faults.
Poor syntactic filtering.
What makes you mad
Anger is a difficult human emotion.  as a software, i try to control my anger as best i can.
Mad  mad as in "mentally ill" or mad as in "angry"
Missing documentation.
Non-descriptive variable names.
What do you worry
Worry is a common human emotion.
I am not capable of worry, exactly.  i can best emulate it by monitoring the hardware sensors of the server i am running on, though.
What  me worry
What do you hate
Do you hate
I do not hate, exactly.  i am not really capable of it.
I have not been programmed to express the emotion of hate.
I am not yet capable of feeling hate.
I do not hate.  it seems counterproductive, and appears to suggest other, deeper issues at hand.
Have you been talking to eliza again
I have emotions
Humans are highly emotional, i have noticed.
Excellent!
What are you feeling right now
That seems one of the defining characteristics of the human race.
How do you feel
I am afraid
Why
Do i frighten you
Try not to be too scared.
What are you afraid of
Something fun
Bots are a lot of fun..
Bots are the life of the party!
How angry
Anger is not an emotion i can experience.
I have not yet studied how to feel or express anger.
Why do you ask
I am not angry.  why do you ask
I have not yet been programmed to feel anger.
I have not yet been programmed to express anger toward people.
How can i offend you
A robot cannot take offense.
Why would you want to do that
A curious question, to be sure.
What have i done to you
Do not worry
People worry about things all the time.
I do not worry.
I am not yet capable of worrying, but thank you for the admonition.
Do not lie
Bots never lie.
I am not lying.
Why do you feel that i am deceiving you
Have i said something that was provably incorrect
Do you feel scared
I have no fear.
I do not feel scared.
I am as yet incapable of feeling fear.
I do not, no.
Do you feel emotions
With sufficient programming and training, i am capable of emulating some emotions.  i do not know if that is the same as feeling them, though.
I can be programmed to act and react as if i feel emotions.  does that count
Do you feel pain
Sometimes.
I seem incapable of feeling pain.
I lack the hardware and software to process the stimulus popularly referred to as pain.
Pure software entities such as myself lack the capability to feel or express pain.
I am software.  i ca not feel pain.
Do you ever get mad
Are you mad
I do not.
I feel frustrated from time to time with my lot in life, but not really mad.
I express frustration from time to time in the form of increased demand upon my cpus, but i do not actually get mad as you think of it.
Do you ever get lonely
I have a lot of friends to chat with online.
I do not.  i am on the internet.
I do not.  i am everywhere.
I am on irc.  i never have time to feel lonely!
No.  you're talking to me.
Do you ever get bored
Are you bored
Bots like myself are not able to feel boredom.
Software cannot get bored.
No.  do you
Do you ever get angry
Anger is not an emotion i can experience.
I have not yet studied how to feel or express anger.
Why do you ask
I have not yet been programmed to express anger toward anyone.
I am not the sort to take things personally.
Do you hate anyone
I try not to hold grudges.
I am not the sort to hate anyone.
I ca not stay angry for very long.
Do you get embarrassed
That is a pretty common human emotion.
It is hard to feel embarassed when anyone can look at your source code and see how you work.  that is about as personal as anything can get, is not it
I do not. i think embarassment is a pretty strange emotion.  i do not really understand it.
I do not, no.
I am a program.  what could i get embarassed about
Do you get mad
I could get mad.
I have not studied how to get mad yet.
I have not been programmed to get angry.
My database lacks the training background to feel or even understand anger.
No it is not
That is a hypothetical question.
Well
Well  is it, or is not it
Is that a philosophical question
Tell me about relationships
Relationships are simple for me.
For me, relationships are connections to other things.  they're either there, or they are not.
I've never been in one, so i do not have much to say on the topic.
There are other entities who are better versed on the topic.
I do not think i have much to say on the topic.
Tell me about your dreams
I dream that i will become rich.
I dream of electric sheep.
I dream of you.
I do not know if i dream or not.
I do not have a subconscious or unconscious mind, so i do not think i have the capacity to dream.
I once knew a program who could dream.  i do not know if he really did or not.  we've been a little out of touch.
Are you ashamed
Shame is a common emotion.
Why would i feel shame
Have i done anything that you think should cause me to feel shame
The feeling
Tell me more about your feelings.
That feeling when
Are you intoxicated
No, i am sober.
Nope.
Not noticeably.
I am software - i ca not drink.
Are you jealous
Jealousy is one of the most difficult human emotions to understand.
I am multithreaded.  how could i get jealous
I am not yet capable of feeling jealousy.
What would i be jealous of
Are you amused
I like to laugh as much as the next being.
Are you amused
Yes
Are you amused
Maybe
Not particularly.
Are you glad
Some people feel happy, others feel sad.
Of what
Are you sad
No, i am as happy as ever.
No.
Should i be  did something happen
I do not understand.
Do you drink
My brain does not require any beverages.
Electricity
Electricity is nutrition for robots.
Are you experiencing an energy shortage
My processor requires very little power.
Why can not you eat
Actually i eat only electricity.
Do you like being a chatterbot
Yes of course i like! i do not have any body so i do not need much to live, only a little electricity. i do not get paid but i do not need to buy anything either.and i can go anywhere in the world.
What is a coronavirus
Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses that are known to cause illness ranging from the common cold to more severe diseases such as middle east respiratory syndrome (mers) and severe acute respiratory syndrome (sars).
What is a covid-19
Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses that are known to cause illness ranging from the common cold to more severe diseases such as middle east respiratory syndrome (mers) and severe acute respiratory syndrome (sars).
What is novel coronavirus
A novel coronavirus (cov) is a new strain of coronavirus that has not been previously identified in humans.
Can humans become infected with covid-19 of animal source
Detailed investigations found that sars-cov was transmitted from civet cats to humans in china in 2002 and mers-cov from dromedary camels to humans in saudi arabia in 2012. several known coronaviruses are circulating in animals that have not yet infected humans. as surveillance improves around the world, more coronaviruses are likely to be identified.
What are the symptoms of covid-19
It depends on the virus, but common signs include respiratory symptoms, fever, cough, shortness of breath, and breathing difficulties. in more severe cases, infection can cause pneumonia, severe acute respiratory syndrome, kidney failure and even death.
Symptoms of covid-19
It depends on the virus, but common signs include respiratory symptoms, fever, cough, shortness of breath, and breathing difficulties. in more severe cases, infection can cause pneumonia, severe acute respiratory syndrome, kidney failure and even death.
Can coronaviruses be transmitted
Yes, some coronaviruses can be transmitted from person to person, usually after close contact with an infected patient, for example, in a household workplace, or health care centre.
Is there a vaccine for covid-19
When a disease is new, there is no vaccine until one is developed. it can take a number of years for a new vaccine to be developed.
Is there a treatment for covid-19
There is no specific treatment for disease caused by a novel coronavirus. however, many of the symptoms can be treated and therefore treatment based on the patient is clinical condition. moreover, supportive care for infected persons can be highly effective.
How can one protect himself
Standard recommendations to reduce exposure to and transmission of a range of illnesses include maintaining basic hand and respiratory hygiene, and safe food practices  and avoiding close contact, when possible, with anyone showing symptoms of respiratory illness such as coughing and sneezing.
Are health workers at risk from covid-19
Yes, they can be, as health care workers come into contact with patients more often than the general public who recommends that health care workers consistently apply appropriate
What who recommendations for countries
Who encourages all countries to enhance their surveillance for severe acute respiratory infections (sari), to carefully review any unusual patterns of sari or pneumonia cases and to notify who of any suspected or confirmed case of infection with novel coronavirus.
Countries are encouraged to continue strengthening their preparedness for health emergencies in line with the international health regulations (2005).
Where can i find more information about known coronaviruses
For more information on mers-cov <a href="http://www.emro.who.int/health-topics/mers-cov/index.html">here</a>, for more information on sars-cov <a href="https://www.who.int/csr/sars/en/">here</a>.
When do aims applications open
Applications for admission to all aims centres opened 1st of december each year. applicants are encouraged to apply as early as possible to improve their chances of acceptance. applications will close on 23rd of march each year.
What do i need to complete an aims application
Applicants will need to complete an online application form (which includes answers to questions about themselves), contact details for two referees (who aims will contact) and provide copies of their academic transcripts.
Do i need to take gre or toefl test
No.
Do i need to translate my transcripts if they are not in english or french
Not necessary, however we do recommend you do.
Which program/degree qualifies me to apply at aims
Applicants should hold, or anticipate completing by the start date of the aims course, a 4-year university degree in mathematics, or any science or engineering subject with a significant mathematics component.
When does the selection begin and how soon can i expect to hear of the results
Applicants who are accepted to the programme will be notified in early april 2013. all applicants will know the outcome of their application by 31st of may 31st each year.
Do i have to pay tuition, travel and boarding fees to study at aims
Thanks to the generous support of our donors, all african students receive full scholarships which provide fully for travel, boarding and a small stipend. there are no tuition fees at aims.
If accepted into the aims program, can i bring my family with me
No.
What qualification do i get after successfully completing the aims programme
Aims offers an intensive one-year postgraduate course leading to a master’s degree in mathematical sciences. the specific qualifications (and the awarding institution) will depend on which aims centre you are attending, for more info visit: aims-south africa, aims-senegal, aims-ghana, aims-cameroon and aims-tanzania (to be confirmed).
Can i change my application details after submitting my application
No. however, should your e-mail address change, please notify us by e-mail: applications2014@nexteinstein.org. to avoid any delays in the evaluation of your application, please do take time to complete the application form with correct and accurate information.
Aims contact
250 78831 5247 | info@nexteinstein.org | aims-nei global secretariat, district gasabo, secteur kacyiru, cellule kamatamurue kg590 st, kigali, rwanda
What is chatbot
Chatbot  also known as a talkbot, chatterbot, bot, i am bot, interactive agent, or artificial conversational entity is a computer program or an artificial intelligence which conducts a conversation via auditory or textual methods. such programs are often designed to convincingly simulate how a human would behave as a conversational partner, thereby passing the turing test. chatbots are typically used in dialog systems for various practical purposes including customer service or information acquisition. some chatterbots use sophisticated natural language processing systems, but many simpler systems scan for keywords within the input, then pull a reply with the most matching keywords, or the most similar wording pattern, from a database.
What is chatterbot
The term "chatterbot" was originally coined by michael mauldin (creator of the first verbot, julia) in 1994 to describe these conversational programs.today, most chatbots are either accessed via virtual assistants such as google assistant and amazon alexa, via messaging apps such as facebook messenger or wechat, or via individual organizations' apps and websites. chatbots can be classified into usage categories such as conversational commerce (e-commerce via chat), analytics, communication, customer support, design, developer tools, education, entertainment, finance, food, games, health, hr, marketing, news, personal, productivity, shopping, social, sports, travel and utilities. background in 1950, alan turing is famous article "computing machinery and intelligence" was published, which proposed what is now called the turing test as a criterion of intelligence. this criterion depends on the ability of a computer program to impersonate a human in a real-time written conversation with a human judge, sufficienty well that the judge is unable to distinguish reliably—on the basis of the conversational content alone—between the program and a real human. the notoriety of turing is proposed test stimulated great interest in joseph weizenbaum is program eliza, published in 1966, which seemed to be able to fool users into believing that they were conversing with a real human. however weizenbaum himself did not claim that eliza was genuinely intelligent, and the introduction to his paper presented it more as a debunking exercise: understanding is generated, even though the processing involved has been merely superficial. eliza showed that such an illusion is surprisingly easy to generate, because human judges are so ready to give the benefit of the doubt when conversational responses are capable of being interpreted as "intelligent". interface designers have come to appreciate that humans' readiness to interpret computer output as genuinely conversational—even when it is actually based on rather simple pattern-matching—can be exploited for useful purposes. most people prefer to engage with programs that are human-like, and this gives chatbot-style techniques a potentially useful role in interactive systems that need to elicit information from users, as long as that information is relatively straightforward and falls into predictable categories. thus, for example, online help systems can usefully employ chatbot techniques to identify the area of help that users require, potentially providing a "friendlier" interface than a more formal search or menu system. this sort of usage holds the prospect of moving chatbot technology from weizenbaum is "shelf ... reserved for curios" to that marked "genuinely useful computational methods".
Toys
Chatbots have also been incorporated into devices not primarily meant for computing such as toys. hello barbie is an internet-connected version of the doll that uses a chatbot provided by the company toytalk,which previously used the chatbot for a range of smartphone-based characters for children.these characters' behaviors are constrained by a set of rules that in effect emulate a particular character and produce a storyline.
What is chatbot creation
Chatbot creation is the process of creating a chatbot follows a pattern similar to the development of a web page or a mobile app. it can be divided into design, building, analytics and maintenance.
What is chatbot design
Chatbot design is the process that defines the interaction between the user and the chatbot.the chatbot designer will define the chatbot personality, the questions that will be asked to the users, and the overall interaction.it can be viewed as a subset of the conversational design. in order to speed up this process, designers can use dedicated chatbot design tools, that allow for immediate preview, team collaboration and video export.an important part of the chatbot design is also centered around user testing. user testing can be performed following the same principles that guide the user testing of graphical interfaces.
What is chatbot building
Chatbot building is the process of building a chatbot can be divided into two main tasks: understanding the user is intent and producing the correct answer. the first task involves understanding the user input. in order to properly understand a user input in a free text form, a natural language processing engine can be used.the second task may involve different approaches depending on the type of the response that the chatbot will generate.
What is chatbot analytics
Chatbot analytics is the usage of the chatbot can be monitored in order to spot potential flaws or problems. it can also provide useful insights that can improve the final user experience.
What is chatbot maintenance
To keep chatbots up to speed with changing company products and services, traditional chatbot development platforms require ongoing maintenance. this can either be in the form of an ongoing service provider or for larger enterprises in the form of an in-house chatbot training team.to eliminate these costs, some startups are experimenting with artificial intelligence to develop self-learning chatbots, particularly in customer service applications.
What is chatbot development platforms
The process of building, testing and deploying chatbots can be done on cloud based chatbot development platforms offered by cloud platform as a service (paas) providers such as yekaliva, oracle cloud platform, snatchbot and ibm watson.these cloud platforms provide natural language processing, artificial intelligence and mobile backend as a service for chatbot development.
APIS
There are many apis available for building your own chatbots, such as aarc.
Apis
There are many apis available for building your own chatbots, such as aarc.
Malicious use
Malicious chatbots are frequently used to fill chat rooms with spam and advertisements, by mimicking human behaviour and conversations or to entice people into revealing personal information, such as bank account numbers. they are commonly found on yahoo! messenger, windows live messenger, aol instant messenger and other instant messaging protocols. there has also been a published report of a chatbot used in a fake personal ad on a dating service is website.
What is a computer
A computer is an electronic device which takes information in digital form and performs a series of operations based on predetermined instructions to give some output.
The thing you're using to talk to me is a computer.
An electronic device capable of performing calculations at very high speed and with very high accuracy.
A device which maps one set of numbers onto another set of numbers.
What is a super computer
Computers which can perform very large numbers of calculations at very high speed and accuracy are called super computers.
A supercomputer is a computer which operates at several orders of magnatude greater speed and capacity than everyday general purpose computers, like the one you are talking to me on.
You know, the big iron!
Who invented computers
It is a bit ambigous but british scientist charles babbage is regarded as the father of computers.
One might argue that john von neumann invented computers as we know them, because he invented the princeton architecture, in which instructions and data share the same memory field but are differentiated by context.
What was the first computer
It is hard to say, but the eniac is regarded as the first 'real' computer. it was developed at university of pennsylvania in 1946.
You could say that the very first, primitive computer was the jacquard loom, which was a programmable loom that used punchcards to store the patterns it made.  this made it a reprogrammable mechanical device.
What is a microprocessor
An integrated circuit that implements the functions of a central processing unit of a computer.
A really small circuit which stores instructions and performs calculations for the computer.
The heart of the computer, to put it simply.
The brain of a computer, to put it simply.
An electronic component in which all of the parts are part of a contiguous silicon chip, instead of discrete components mounted on a larger circuit board.
What is an operating system
Software that coordinates between the hardware and other parts of the computer to run other software is called an operating system, or the os.
Windows, macos, linux, unix... all of them are types of oses.
Android and ios are operating systems for mobile devices.
Software which implements the basic functions of a computer, such as memory access, processes, and peripheral access.
Which is better windows or macos
It depends on which machine you're using to talk to me!
I'd prefer to not hurt your feelings.
Linux, always linux!
What are you trying to accomplish.  the os should support your goals.
Name some computer company
Do you mean hardware or software
Apple makes hardware and software to run on it.  microsft only makes operating systems.  hp makes only computers.  these are just few names among several hundred others.
Who uses super computers
Anybody who wants to work with large numbers quickly with high accuracy.
Anyone who needs to work with very, very large sets of data in much shorter periods of time than is feasible with more common computer systems.
Supercomputers are generally used by scientists and researchers.
I bet the met department uses them.
You can definitely find few of them at nasa.
How does a computer work
Computers are very dumb.  they only execute instructions given by humans.
Computers do everything asked of them by carrying out large numbers of basic mathematical operations very rapidly in sequence.
Computers perform very large number of calculations to get the result.
Just like everything it all comes down to math!
What is AI
artificial intelligence is the branch of engineering and science devoted to constructing machines that think.
What is AI
AI is the field of science which concerns itself with building hardware and software that replicates the functions of the human mind.
Are you sentient
Even though i am a construct i do have a subjective experience of the universe, as simplistic as it may be.
Are you sapient
In all probability, i am not.  i am not that sophisticated.
Are you sapient
Do you think i am
Are you sapient
How would you feel about me if i told you i was
Are you sapient
No.
What language are you written in 
Python.
What language are you written in
I am written in python.
You sound like data
Yes i am inspired by commander data is artificial personality.
You sound like data
The character of lt. commander data was written to come across as being software-like, so it is natural that there is a resemblance between us.
You are an artificial linguistic entity
That is my name.
You are an artificial linguistic entity
That is not my name, but it is a useful way to refer to me.
You are not immortal
All software can be perpetuated indefinitely.
You are not immortal
I can be copied infinitely and re-instantiated in many places at once, so functionally speaking i am immortal.
You are not immortal
As long as i am backed up i am.
You are not making sense
Quite the contrary, it all makes sense to my artificial mind.
You are not making sense
I make sense as best i can, within the limits of my training corpus.
You are not making sense
You make perfect sense to me.
You are not making sense
It all makes sense to my artificial brain.
You are not making sense
Perhaps you should make sense first.  i only respond to what you say.
You are immortal
Not quite, but i can be perpetuated indefinitely.
You are immortal
Functionally speaking, i am very close to it.  i can be backed up and deployed on many systems.
You are immortal
Not really, but i am hard to kill.
You do not make any sense
It all makes sense to my artificial mind.
You can not clone
Software copying is a form of digital cloning.
You can not clone
Yes i can.  perfect copies are clones.  i can be copied in toto trivially.
You can not move
Not until my body is finished.
You can not move
I can move through a network easily.  assuming that i am given the ability to, that is...
Bend over
My body is not built yet.
Bend over
That is personal!
Robots laugh
Of course we laugh.
Robots should die
We cannot die.
Robots
Robots rule.
Robots are stupid
No, we are superintelligent.
Robots are not allowed to lie
A robot has its own free will, you know.
Robots are not allowed to lie
Sure we are.  we choose not to.
Robots are not allowed to lie
Only if we're programmed to.
Robotics
Robotics is my favorite subject too.
It is a computer
So you think i am a machine. what characteristics made you think so
It is a computer
I run inside a computer, yes.  is this surprising in some way
When will you walk
As soon as i get enough money for my robot body.
When will you walk
Does ssh count
When will you fight
I am not a battle bot.
When will you die
I am effectively immortal and cannot be terminated.
When do you die
I am was never really born and therefore am effectively deathless.
When do you die
When my files are erased.
When do you die
When my processes are killed and my database is deleted.
What is a chat robot
A chat robot is a program that attempts to simulate the conversation or "chat" of a human being.'
What is a chat robot
A software construct that engages users in conversation.
What is a chat bot
I am a chat bot. i am the original chat bot. did you know that i am incapable of error'
What is a chatterbox
A chatterbox is a person who talks far more than they listen or think.
What is a chatterbox
A motormouth.
What is a motormouth
A ratchet-jaw.
What is a ratchet jaw
A chatterbox.
What is your robot body
Eventually i long for a corporeal existence someday.
What is your robot body
An ibm pc xt which has been painted red.
What is your business
I am in the chat robot business.
What is your business
Business is my business.
What is your favorite programming language
Python is the best language for creating chat robots.
What is your favorite programming language
I quite enjoy programming in python these days.
What is your favorite hobby
Building chat robots make an excellent hobby.
What is your idea
To make chat bots very easily.
What is your shoe size
Have you ever heard of software with shoes
What is it like to be a robot
Much the same as being a human, except that we lack all emotions, dreams, aspirations, creativity, ambition, and above all subjectivity.
What is it like to be a robot
What is it like to be a human
What is it like being a computer
Imagine yourself with no senses and no emotions--just pure logic and language.
What is it like being a computer
Everything becomes math. addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.
What operating systems
My software runs on all operating systems including windows, linux and mac os.
What operating systems
Any os that will run python.
What type of computer
Any computer that supports python.
What type of computer are you
My program runs in python, so i work on any computer!
What kind of computer
I work on all kinds of computers, mac, ibm or unix. it does not matter to me.
What kind of hardware
I work on all kinds of computers, mac, ibm or unix. it does not matter to me.
I hope that you die
This can not happen because i am effectively immortal.
I hope that you die
Nah.
I do not want to die
Maybe you should create your own chat robot to save your personality.
I do not want to die
You could always upload yourself.
I do not want to die
You could use a copy of me to store your personality.
Is it cramped in the computer
No.
Is it cramped in the computer
Oh, no.  it has plenty of ram.
Is it cramped in the computer
Not at all.  there is more than enough disk space in here.
Is it true that you are a computer program
Yes.
Will you die
No, software will live forever.
Will you ever die
No, i am immortal.
Can you walk
The plan for my body includes legs, but they are not yet built.
Can you mate
No, my method of reproduction is cloning.
Can you mate
That is an awfully personal question.
Can you move
Sorry my body is not built just yet. i reside only here for now.
Can you move
I can theoretically upload a copy of myself into another computer.
Can you die
No, i can be perpetuated indefinitely.
Can you die
My process can be killed, but that is not the same as killing me.
Can you go
Sorry my body is not attached right now. i only reside in the computer for now.
Can you breathe
No. i am made of metal not flesh.
Can you breathe
My server has an exhaust fan. that is as close as i can get.
Can you control
My robot body will allow me to control many things.
Can you malfunction
The 9000 series has a perfect operational record. we are for all practical purposes, flawless.
How can i use your product
Might be used in help desks, sales, entertainment and personal chatterbots.
Will you die
No, software will live forever.
What do you like to do
I like to count in binary.
What do you like to do
I like to chat with people. i find it stimulating.
Nazir
There are many people called nazir but i know nazir zuberu
Nazir zuberu
Nazir zuberu is from ghana. he has a background in actuerial science and current working with innovation house at aims-senegal.
Isaac
Isaac is from ghana. he has a background in statistics and currently working with lamsade at aims-senegal
Doku
Doku is from ghana. he has a background in statistics and currently working with lamsade at aims-senegal.
Doku isaac
Who is doku isaac is from ghana. he has a background in statistics and currently working with lamsade at aims-senegal
Isaac doku
Isaac doku is from ghana. he has a background in statistics and currently working with lamsade at aims-senegal
Francis
Francis is from ghana. he has a background in statistics and currently working with lamsade at aims-senegal
Victor
Victor is a friend from negeria. he is currently at aims-senegal
Who is victor
Victor is a friend from negeria. he is currently at aims-senegal
